Remove deprecations: tock (#705)
gazebosim/gz-physics: Migration.md

notification to users that their code should be upgraded. The next major
release will remove the deprecated code.

## Gazebo Physics 8.X to 9.X

### Removals

> * The environment variable `GZ_PHYSICS_ENGINE_INSTALL_DIR` is removed. Use

Reviewer: rephrased to say macro instead of env var

```suggestion
* The macro `GZ_PHYSICS_ENGINE_INSTALL_DIR` is removed. Use
```

Author: Updated in [97f5255](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-physics/pull/705/commits/97f52559839befde01e5ac4ded1aae1477f24fbf).

> `gz::physics::getEngineInstallDir()` instead.

Reviewer: should we just remove the macro like other gz packages?

Author: How about now?  e1e5bae
